Ben The Burgler : Version: 0.002 (Inhouse Patch Notes)

1. A) Pickpocketing system in place, character can approach enemies and steal their key. For this to work the designers 
in question have to make sure that the key is of layertype "Key".

1. B) This key can be used to unlock doors, walk up to them and press E with the key in your hands and the door should open
accordingly. If you do not have the key, the door should not be opening. To make sure that this will work, you have to 
give it a door reference under "Key (Script)". Also, keep in mind that you should give it a reference to the "Door" object
and not the DoorPivot in which it resides.

1. Warning) This keyobject will not collide with the player (not that it will matter much), nor will it float (i think).
---

2. A) There is not a system in place for deathlistening (although currently just restarts the scene),
it will listen to both enemy detections of the player and collision with deadly items. To make this work with your 
environmental object of choice, please give it the layer "DeadlyAf" or add what ever new layer you decide create under
the "DeadlyEnvrionment" layermask. This layermask can be found on the "CharacterStateMachine (Script)". 

2. Warning) This system does not yet take into account falling from heights, which will require a reboot of the game.
And reloading the scene is probably also not the best idea. Also, sometimes you don't die directly when you hit
these things... could just have been that i tested it on rocks with circular colliders, think it has to do with the
skin of the character, will look into when i have time. 
---

3. A) WobblyCharacter is now a thing! Go to the "CharacterStateMachine (Script)" under the player object and change the
value of the "WobbleFactor" to anything between 0.0 and 1.0 (representing percentages in decimals). What this does is in
essence, deciding the likelihood of the character skipping it's current input. In other words, if you put it
to some extremely high value (like 90%) it will not move so don't do that. Wasn't sure what was meant by the
character being hard to control so just made some assumptions. The current value is probably something like 15%,
should probably be even lower (or maybe a bit higher). Give it a very high value and it will be annoying and slow for the
player to control their character and too low of a value
and it will not be noticeable.
---

4. A) Fixed the AI that keeps getting bugged from merges all the time, please use the new prefabs 
when you place it in the scene.The keyed enemies also have a speical prefab. 
There is also a folder called "EventSystem", take the prefabs from that folder and place them in your scene, 
otherwise some things might not work as intended. 
---

Things that need to be done asap and i'm to exhausted to make right now:

1. Leo's hook 
2. Something to steal and something to steal from (currently we go into the house for no other reason than to get out)
3. I understand that there should be something electrical.
4. I'm pretty sure you don't glide down slopes.
5. Specific respawn locations (you literally just replace the scenemanager code with transforming the player to a point)
---

BUGS! 

1. You can sometimes fall through the floor, for example on the lift or very rarely near the walls (places with
multiple colliders).
2. I was born.


TODO!

1. Clean up Hierarchy
2. Don't push not needed files
3. HoldingItem.layers


